Worked today. The dysphoria has its bad days and its worse days. I know I've never 100% passed and probably never will, the only thing that really changes is how much I actually end up caring about it. It takes a lot of effort to go out looking half-decent in girlmode, it's much easier to go out just looking like, well, my default self, which after years of hormones still mostly just looks like a guy. I wish I felt more comfortable in my own skin, but some people weren't born that blessed. I guess that's fine, they tell me God has a plan for all of us sometimes.

I've toyed with the idea of making a main character transgender, and I've had some OC concepts in that vein, but ultimately I think I'm kind of negative on the whole thing and it wouldn't be a cool or empowering piece of representation. It might be a little miserable, because that's how I would describe it myself. I mean don't get me wrong, I'm not dead which is a great start, but I never feel like I'll be truly happy with myself. More than anything it feels as if I was inhabiting someone's else's skin. And even when I don't girlmode it feels like everyone around me is acutely aware of what a weird freak of nature I am. When I do girlmode, it is of course much worse. That's not empowering or fun in the slightest. I persist in spite of it because the alternative is worse, but that doesn't mean I enjoy this pointless struggle just to be happy in my own body, let alone the struggle to make other people see me the way I want to be seen. 

Some of my friends describe themselves as activists. They enjoy the attention because they see themselves as capable of setting a good example and so on and so on. Jesus Christ. I mean good for them, really, but Jesus *Christ*! Is it impossible for people like me to live a normal life as an unremarkable person?

Imagine a main character with that kind of energy towards their own identity. Hah. Torn to shreds on the spot from all sides. An unwinnable game. I should do it