I feel like watching an anime. A fantasy one. But then if I watch it, I always worry it's poisoning my writing or worldbuilding, you know? So much of my ideas of fantasy already come from stuff like Fate or even Lodoss War (though Lodoss War itself is basically D&D), and I'm scared to make my world a little too obviously anime-inspired, mostly out of personal embarrassment, which is probably something I should get over and not really care about, now that I think about it.

Speaking of personal embarrassment, I was just thinking today about how ridiculous it is for me to be insecure about my reading habits. I read and listen to audiobooks pretty regularly nowadays, though I went through a pretty long dry streak for life reasons I might talk about later. Still, something at the back of my mind drives me insane with insecurity about how I'm not enough of a reader to also be a writer. While I do think it should be obvious that writers need to have read books in order to be good, I also think a lot of social media performativity creates an insane arms race when it comes to having a hobby. The average person reads maybe one book every few years. I read about a book every month (they're epic fantasy so it sometimes takes longer even if I'm listening to an audiobook while driving or at work). I have a job and I enjoy doing things other than reading (I try to watch a movie a week, I have a few TV shows I keep up with, and I'm an avid player of videogames). Most people would call that a pretty good clip, and say I'm definitely a reader. But in the modern age it is not enough to enjoy doing a thing in your free time. It must become your identity and consume your life. By that metric I am not a reader, or a movie fan, or a gamer.

This extends to how I approach everything, really. Even though I like tinkering with complicated things that would wow the average person, in the end within the spaces I inhabit online I'm always a bit of a casual. I think that's okay, but ultimately it's a bit lonely not having a specific space to be a diehard for. There's no community of "random people who know a little bit of everything" out there.

#dailynote 