The Empire of Derelia was the largest state in the continent of Beras until its fall in [[Calisonian Calendar|502 Twilight]]. Although it eventually expanded to become a multicultural state encompassing many nations and ethnicities, its politics and socioeconomic hierarchy was heavily dominated by the [[Ethnic groups in Beras#Derelian|Derelian]] minority. The origins of the Empire predate all written records, but the city-state of [[Volanea]], which would eventually become the seat of the Empire's power was settled some time around 2300 Dark.

The Empire reached the peak of its territory around 450 Twilight after taking several territories from its neighbor of Guernad in the [[#Glorious Excursion]] over the Golden Mountains. Their victory in the Glorious Excursion subsequently led to the overthrow of [[Patriarchate of Guernad|Guernad]]'s monarchy and the establishment of the [[Republic of Guernad]].

## The Glorious Excursion

Tensions arose in 446 Twilight following the discovery of [[Nyxium]] in the Golden Mountains, which marked a convenient border between Guernad and Derelia. As rivals in the continent, the two nations sought easier access to Nyxium Ore, as a facilitator for Magic. Guernad had previously only had limited domestic access to the ore, needing it imported from abroad, while Derelia's established and respected magecraft tradition had thrived for hundreds of years from its domestic supply. Seeking to starve out Guernad, Derelian troops crossed the mountains in a massive military maneuver featuring the first documented usage of airships in wartime. After 4 years of fighting, three of Guernad's southern provinces were surrendered to the Empire. Only a few months after the official surrender, protests across the country overwhelmed the fragile political landscape of the defeated state, and a token force of disorganized rebels, unopposed by the military, took the capital, declaring an end to the Guernadine Patriarchate.

#worldbuilding #derelia